People are riding on the backs of camels. they
A) are being pulled by a jet boat.
B) dart along the sand as the waterfalls.
C) get led down a trail by a person.
D) go down stairs as they march.

C

A woman is laying back in a chair. A man is using a large needle on her arm. He is filling in a tattoo. the woman
A) is doing a butterfly designs on the back of her head.
B) is on the ground struggling.
C) is doing exercises on the chair.
D) stares blankly at the ceiling.

D

A close up of a plane is shown followed by people scuba diving under water. shots of landscapes
A) are shown on the screen at each dive.
B) are shown and a man grabbing a fish from a pool.
C) are shown that lead into people swimming along the water.
D) are shown as well as people talking.

C

Another group of drummers join them, put down their hats and plays with them while the first group walks around while playing. a third set of drummers
A) arrives followed by the cymbals players and they all played their instruments together.
B) play for the same group, then they all separate into groups of four.
C) joins them, and in particular walk around as they play.
D) sings while they play.

A


Woman is laying on a floor and is doing abs. Woman is doing crunches on sets. woman
A) is laying on the floor of a living room doing crunches.
B) holds her hips and nocked and took o is shoulders.
C) is in a bathroom doing crunches.
D) is doing crunches stop and is doing crunches on a platform.

A

A car in a driveway is shown with a man on the far side. The cameraman walks to the other side of the car where the man is washing it. the man
A) rolls the tires and continues working on the car.
B) washes and rails the car in the field while talking.
C) then opens the car door and crawls out then uses a rope from the back to brush the leaves from the back.
D) begins to dance while washing the car.


D

Two wrestlers are in a ring. One wrestler grabs the other man and slams him to the ground. the man
A) then leaves the ring after he body slams his opponent.
B) on top gets off the other's back repeatedly.
C) on the right kicks the man on the right and knocks the man down to the ground.
D) is hurt so he gets up and punches himself.

A


A man is sitting in a tube drinking a beer. A blue raft is next to him holding a red cooler. another person
A) is on a blue raft and they are going through the rapids of the river.
B) is riding in a board behind him on an inflatable raft
C) is sitting on a tube next to him.
D) comes up behind him and gets on.

C

After the apple, she begins cutting pieces off of an iceberg lettuce and mincing them down to smaller pieces. once everything
A) is in a pan, she puts the orange, white and black pieces into the pan, she puts them on top of the cheese slice she's prepared.
B) is chopped she makes a cut lettuce leaf.
C) is chopped, she puts the pieces into a salad ball and rolls it around in bread then peels it off and puts it in a dish rack.
D) is cut smaller, she takes them and puts them in a large clear bowl and swirls them around."

D


When the introductions are done the wrestlers the referee come together in the middle of the court and a match between the wrestlers begin as the referee watches on. the blue sumo guy
A) has a hard time winning and there are some grey text that he has to wipe off with a towel.
B) returns to center court to engage in a fight against the red sumo and they dodge the punches and corners of the crowd, they then get out together.
C) pushes the red sumo guy to the ground and lies on him, the referee calls the blue sumo the winner, people cheer, and other people kick at the red sumo guy stuck on the ground.
D) are introduced and a referee speaks to them before introducing the match.


C
